Developer Center 2.0 documentation (#4007)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/partners/destinations/build.md

---

> title: Build a destination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Build a Destination
```

---

This document describes in detail the steps necessary to create a new Actions-based Destination using the Segment CLI.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, consider the following prerequisites.

### Security

The security of customers and partners is a top priority at Segment. Before you begin building, review the [Acceptable Use Policy](https://segment.com/legal/acceptable-use-policy/), and keep in mind:

- Follow a secure software-development lifecycle, which enables you to both create code that is safe for Segment customers and their end users, and maintain and raise the security of that code over time.
- If you or your code comes into contact with Segment customer or end-user data for any reason, protect it with commercially reasonable methods throughout the data lifecycle, including creating, handling, transporting, and destruction.
- If you suspect a security event, incident, or breach related to this project, contact [Segment Security](mailto:security@segment.com) for assistance with your investigation and communications.
- Practice modern and common-sense security for any scenario that is not explicitly stated.

### Configure your development environment

> You don't need to access a Segment dev environment to build an integration. You’ll test it with a locally on your machine. Destinations are written in Typescript. For more information about Typescript, see Typescripts [documentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/){:target="_blank}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't need to access a Segment dev environment to build an integration. You’ll test it locally on your machine. Destinations are written in TypeScript. For more information about TypeScript, see TypeScript's [documentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/){:target="_blank}.
```

  - [node](https://nodejs.org/en/){:target="_blank"}
  - [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm){:target="_blank"}
  - [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/){:target="_blank"}

### Fork the repository

Fork the `segmentio/action-destinations` repository, connect to NPM and Yarn, and ensure a compatible version of Node is installed.

> info ""
> Action-based destinations run several workflows on pull requests, which requires that GitHub actions be enabled in the repository. To prevent workflow failure, you must enable GitHub Actions on the Actions tab of the forked repository.

Run the test suite to ensure the environment is properly configured.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/<your_gh_org>/action-destinations.git
cd action-destinations
npm login
yarn login
# Requires node 14.17, optionally: nvm use 14.17
yarn --ignore-engines --ignore-optional
yarn bootstrap
yarn build
yarn install
yarn test
```

## Create a destination

Once you've configured your environment, you're ready to begin building your first destination. All commands, unless noted otherwise, should run from the root of the project folder. For example, `./action-destinations`

> > Run `./bin/run --help` at any time or visit the [CLI README](/packages/cli/README.md) to see a list of available commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Run `./bin/run --help` at any time or visit the [CLI README](https://github.com/segmentio/action-destinations/blob/main/packages/cli/README.md){:target="_blank"} to see a list of available commands.
```

#### Action fields

For each action or authentication scheme, you define a collection of inputs and `fields`. Input fields define what the user sees in the Action Editor within the Segment App. In an action, these fields accept input from the incoming Segment event.

The Segment CLI introspects field definitions when you run `./bin/run generate:types` to generate their TypeScript declarations. This ensures the `perform` function is strongly-typed.

Define fields following the field schema. If your editor or IDE provides good Intellisense and autocompletion, you should see the allowed properties.

As mentioned above, the `perform` function contains the code that defines what the action does.

Segment recommends that you start with a simple task, and evolve it. Get the basics working first. Add one or two fields to start, then run `./bin/run generate:types` when you change the definition of a field. Run this step manually after changes, or run `yarn types --watch` to regenerate types when a change is detected.

## Write tests

> Testing ensures that your destination functions the way you expect. For information on testing, see [Build and Test Cloud Destinations](testing.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing ensures that your destination functions the way you expect. For information on testing, see [Build and Test Cloud Destinations](/docs/partners/destinations/testing).
```
